Thank you for the opportunity to speak to you. It truly is a great honor.
Today I'd like to share my thoughts about the stakes in this election.
People have asked me why I am running for President.
So nice, thank you very much. That's really nice. Thank you. It's great to be at Trump Tower.
I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees.
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!.
In order to make America SAFE - we cannot be politically correct!.
Islamic terrorism is a threat to civilized people everywhere. It must be defeated, and we must do everything we can to keep it from crossing onto our shores.
It is time to put America First again. If elected President- I will not let you down! We will work together & put AMERICA FIRST!
You know, I started off by saying -- and I always do and I did on the "The View." I'm a very smart guy. I went to the best college. I had good marks. I was a very smart guy, good student and all that stuff. Because what they do to the birthers, which is a term I hate because a lot of these birthers are just really quality people that just want the truth. What they do to the birthers is unbelievable to a point where people are afraid to talk about this subject. They are afraid to confront you or anybody about this subject.
I have a birth certificate. I have my birth certificate. And in fact, they said the one I gave yesterday wasn't good enough. So I actually got the one from the Health Department, which is the perfect one. Because they were saying the one I gave yesterday wasn't good enough, so I got the other. People have birth certificates. He doesn't have a birth certificate. He may have one but there's something on that, maybe religion, maybe it says he is a Muslim.
I know what I’m doing, and I listen to a lot of people, I talk to a lot of people, and at the appropriate time I’ll tell you who the people are. I speak to a lot of people, but my primary consultant is myself, and I have a good instinct for this stuff.
Today, I am going to talk about how to Make America Wealthy Again.

We are thirty miles from Steel City. Pittsburgh played a central role in building our nation. The legacy of Pennsylvania steelworkers lives in the bridges, railways and skyscrapers that make up our great American landscape. But our workers' loyalty was repaid with betrayal.
