Chief Justice Roberts, President Carter, President Clinton, President Bush, President Obama, fellow Americans and people of the world, thank you.

We, the citizens of America, are now joined in a great national effort to rebuild our country and restore its promise for all of our people.

Together, we will determine the course of America and the world for many, many years to come. We will face challenges, we will confront hardships, but we will get the job done.
Every four years, we gather on these steps to carry out the orderly and peaceful transfer of power, and we are grateful to President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama for their gracious aid throughout this transition. They have been magnificent. Thank you.

Today's ceremony, however, has very special meaning because today, we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another or from one party to another, but we are transferring power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the people.

For too long, a small group in our nation's capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished, but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered, but the jobs left and the factories closed. The establishment protected itself, but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs. And while they celebrated in our nation's capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land.

That all changes starting right here and right now because this moment is your moment, it belongs to you.

It belongs to everyone gathered here today and everyone watching all across America. This is your day. This is your celebration. And this, the United States of America, is your country.

What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.

January 20th, 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.

The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer.

Everyone is listening to you now. You came by the tens of millions to become part of a historic movement, the likes of which the world has never seen before.

At the center of this movement is a crucial conviction, that a nation exists to serve its citizens. Americans want great schools for their children, safe neighborhoods for their families, and good jobs for themselves. These are just and reasonable demands of righteous people and a righteous public.
But for too many of our citizens, a different reality exists: mothers and children trapped in poverty in our inner cities; rusted out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our nation; an education system flush with cash, but which leaves our young and beautiful students deprived of all knowledge; and the crime and the gangs and the drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential.
This American carnage stops right here and stops right now.
 We are one nation and their pain is our pain. Their dreams are our dreams. And their success will be our success. We share one heart, one home, and one glorious destiny. The oath of office I take today is an oath of allegiance to all Americans.

For many decades, we've enriched foreign industry at the expense of American industry; subsidized the armies of other countries, while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military. We've defended other nations' borders while refusing to defend our own.

And spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas while America's infrastructure has fallen into disrepair and decay. We've made other countries rich, while the wealth, strength and confidence of our country has dissipated over the horizon.
One by one, the factories shuttered and left our shores, with not even a thought about the millions and millions of American workers that were left behind. The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed all across the world.
But that is the past. And now, we are looking only to the future.

We assembled here today are issuing a new decree to be heard in every city, in every foreign capital, and in every hall of power. From this day forward, a new vision will govern our land. From this day forward, it's going to be only America first, America first.

Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families. We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies and destroying our jobs.

Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength. I will fight for you with every breath in my body and I will never ever let you down.

America will start winning again, winning like never before.

We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth. And we will bring back our dreams.

We will build new roads and highways and bridges and airports and tunnels and railways all across our wonderful nation. We will get our people off of welfare and back to work, rebuilding our country with American hands and American labor.

We will follow two simple rules; buy American and hire American.

We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world, but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first. We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example. We will shine for everyone to follow.

We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones and unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism, which we will eradicate from the face of the Earth.

At the bedrock of our politics will be a total allegiance to the United States of America, and through our loyalty to our country, we will rediscover our loyalty to each other. When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice.

The Bible tells us how good and pleasant it is when God's people live together in unity. We must speak our minds openly, debate our disagreements honestly, but always pursue solidarity. When America is united, America is totally unstoppable.

There should be no fear. We are protected and we will always be protected. We will be protected by the great men and women of our military and law enforcement. And most importantly, we will be protected by God.

Finally, we must think big and dream even bigger. In America, we understand that a nation is only living as long as it is striving. We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action, constantly complaining, but never doing anything about it.

The time for empty talk is over. Now arrives the hour of action.

Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of America. We will not fail. Our country will thrive and prosper again.
We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow. A new national pride will stir ourselves, lift our sights and heal our divisions.
It's time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget, that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots.

We all enjoy the same glorious freedoms and we all salute the same great American flag.

And whether a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the wind-swept plains of Nebraska, they look up at the same night sky, they will their heart with the same dreams, and they are infused with the breath of life by the same almighty creator.

So to all Americans in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain, from ocean to ocean, hear these words: You will never be ignored again.
 Your voice, your hopes, and your dreams will define our American destiny. And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the way.
Together, we will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And yes, together we will make America great again.

Well. I want to thank everybody. Very, very special people. And it is true: this is my first stop. Officially. We're not talking about the balls, and we're not talking about even the speeches. Although, they did treat me nicely on that speech yesterday

I always call them "the dishonest media", but they treated me nicely.
 
 
 
But, I want to say that there is nobody that feels stronger about the Intelligence Community and the CIA than Donald Trump. 

There's Nobody. Nobody.
And the wall behind me is very very special. We've been touring for quite a while. And I'll tell you what: twenty ... nine? I can't believe it.. No. Twenty eight. We've got to reduce it. That's amazing. And we really appreciate it what you 've done in terms of showing us something very special. And your whole group. These are really special, amazing people. Very. very few people could do the job you people do.
And I want to just let you know: I am so behind you. And I know, maybe sometimes, you haven't gotten the backing that you've wanted. And you're going to get so much backing. Maybe you're going to say "please don't give us so much backing". 

 "Mr President, please, we don't need that much backing".
But you're going to have that. And I think everybody in this room knows it.
You know, the military, and the law-enforcement generally speaking, -- but, all of it -- but the military, gave us tremendous percentages of votes. We were unbelievably successful in the election with getting the vote of the military and probably almost everybody in this room voted for me, but I will not ask you to raise your hands if you did. 


But I would guarantee a big portion. Because we're all on the same wavelength, folks. We're all on the same wavelength. 

 He knows. Took Brian about 30 seconds to figure that one out, right? Because we know. We're on the same wavelength.
We're going to do great things. We're going to do great things. We've been fighting these wars for longer than any wars we've ever fought. We have not used the real abilities that we have. We've been restrained.
We have to get rid of ISIS. We have to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice 


Radical Islamic terrorism - and I said it yesterday - has to be eradicated. Just off the face of the Earth. This is evil. This is evil.
And you know, I can understand the other side. We can all understand the other side. There can be wars between countries. There can be wars. You can understand what happened. This is something nobody could even understand. This is a level of evil that we haven't seen.
You're going to go to it, and you're going to do a phenomenal job. But we're going to end it. It's time. It's time right now to end it.
You have somebody coming on who is extraordinary. You know for the different positions, of secretary of this and secretary of that and all of these great positions, I'd see five, six, seven, eight people.
And we had a great transition. We had an amazing team of talent.
And by the way, General Flynn is right over here. Put up your hand, Mike. What a good guy 


And Reince, and my whole group. Reince. You know Reince? They don't care about Reince. He's like, this political guy that turned out to be a superstar, right? We don't have to talk about Reince.
But, we did. We had just such a tremendous, tremendous success.
So when I'm interviewing all of these candidates that Reince and his whole group is putting in front, it went very, very quickly, and in this case went so quickly. Because I would see six or seven or eight for secretary of agriculture, who we just named the other day. Sunny Perdue. Former Governor of Georgia. Fantastic guy. But I'd see six, seven, eight people for a certain position. Everybody wanted it.
But I met Mike Pompeo, and he was the only guy I met. I didn't want to meet anybody else. I said "cancel everybody else". Cancel. Now he was approved, essentially. But they're doing a little political games with me. You know, he was one of the three.
Now, last night, as you know, General Mattis - fantastic guy - and General Kelly got approved 


And Mike Pompeo was supposed to be in that group; it was going to be the three of them. Can you imagine? All of these guys. People respect ... they respect that military sense. All my political people? They're not doing so well. The political people aren't doing so well... but you ... We're going to get them all through. But some will take a little bit longer than others.
But Mike was literally -- I had a group of, what, we had nine different people? -- Now. I must say, I didn't mind cancelling eight appointments. That wasn't the worst thing in the world.
But I met him, and I said "he is so good". Number one in his class at West Point. Now, I know a lot about West Point. I'm a person that very strongly believes in academics. In fact, every time I say, I had an uncle who was a great professor at MIT for 35 years, who did a fantastic job in so many different ways academically. He was an academic genius.
And then they say: "is Donald Trump an intellectual?" Trust me. I'm like a smart person. 

 pointing at Mike Pompeo And I recognized immediately,
So he was Number 1 at West Point. And he was also essentially number 1 at Harvard Law School. And then he decided to go into the military. And he ran for Congress. And everything he's done has been a home run.
People like him. But much more importantly to me, everybody respects him.
When I told Paul Ryan that I want to do this, I would say, he may be the only person that was not totally thrilled, right, Mike? Because he said "I don't want to lose this guy."
You will be getting a total star. You going to be getting a total gem. He is a gem. And I just .... 

You'll see. You'll see. And many of you know him anyway. But you're going to see. And again: we have some great people going, but this one is something, going to be very special, because this is one of -- if I had to name the most important, this would certainly be, perhaps, you know, in certain ways, you could even say my most important.

You do the job like everybody in this room is capable of doing. And the generals are wonderful and the fighting is wonderful. But if you give them the right direction? Boy does the fighting become easier. And boy do we lose so fewer lives, and win so ... quickly. And that's what we have to do. We have to start winning again. You know what? When I was young, And when I was ... of course, I feel young. I feel like I'm 30. 35. 39. Somebody said "are you young?" I said "I think I'm young."

You know, I was stopping when we were in the final month of that campaign. Four stops, five stops. Seven stops. Speeches -- speeches -- in front of twenty five, thirty thousand people. Fifteen thousand, nineteen thousand, from stop to stop. I feel young.


But when I was young -- and I think we're all sort of young -- when I was young, we were always winning things in this country. We'd win with trade. We'd win with wars. At a certain age I remember hearing from one of my instructors "The United States has never lost a war". And then, after that, it's like, we haven't won anything. We don't win anymore. The old expression: "to the victor belong the spoils" - you remember? You always used to say "keep the oil". I wasn't a fan of Iraq. I didn't want to go into Iraq. But I will tell you. When we were in, we got out wrong.


And I always said: "In addition to that, keep the oil". Now I said it for economic reasons, but if you think about, Mike, if we kept the oil we would probably wouldn't have ISIS, because that's where they made their money in the first place. So we should have kept the oil. But okay. Maybe we'll have another chance.

But the fact is: we should've kept the oil. I believe that this group is going to be one of the most important groups in this country towards making us safe, towards making us winners again. Towards ending all of the problems -- we have so many problems that are interrelated that we don't even think of, but interrelated -- to the kind of havoc and fear that this sick group of people has caused.
So I can only say that I am with you 1000%.  And the reason you're my first stop is that as you know, I have a running war with the media. They are among the most dishonest human beings on Earth. 
, 

And they sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the Intelligence Community. And I just want to let you know, the reason you're the number 1 stop is exactly the opposite. Exactly. And they understand that too.
And I was explaining about the numbers. We did a thing yesterday, the speech, and everybody really liked the speech, you had to right? 


We had a massive field of people. You saw that. Packed.
I get up this morning. I turn on one of the networks and they show an empty field. I say: "wait a minute. I made a speech. I looked out. The field was.... It looked like a million, a million and a half people." They showed a field where there was practically nobody standing there. And they said "Donald Trump did not draw well". And I said "well it was almost raining". The rain should have scared them away. But God looked down and he said "we're not going to let it rain on your speech".
In fact, when I first started I said "oh no". First line, I got hit by a couple of drops. And i said "oh, this is too bad, but we'll go right through it". But the truth is: that it stopped immediately. It was amazing. And then it became really sudden, and then I walked off and it poured right after I left - it poured.
But you know, we have something that's amazing because, we had, it looked honestly, it looked like a million and a half people. Whatever it was. But it went all the way back to the Washington Monument.
And I turn on, with my steak ... and I get this network shows an empty field. And it said we drew 250,000 people.
Now that's not bad. But it's a lie. We had 250,000 people literally around, you know, the little bowl that we constructed. That was 250,000 people. The rest of the 20 block area all the way back to the Washington Monument was packed.
So we caught them. And we caught them in a beauty. And I think they're going to pay a big price.
They had another one yesterday which was interesting. In the Oval Office there's a beautiful statue of Dr Martin Luther King. And I also happen to like Churchill. Winston Churchill. I think most of us like Churchill. He doesn't come from our country. But he had lot to do with it. He helped us. A real ally.
And as you know, the Churchill statue was taken out. The bust.  And as you probably also have read, the Prime Minister is coming over to our country very shortly, and they wanted to know whether or not I'd like it back. And I said "absolutely, but in the meantime we have a bust of Churchill".

So a reporter for Time magazine. And I have been on their cover like 14 or 15 times. I think we have the all time record in the history of Time magazine. Like it Tom Brady is on the cover of Time magazine, it's one time, because he won the Superbowl or something, right? I've been on for 15 times this year. I don't think that's a record, Mike, that they can ever be broken, do you agree with that? What do you think?


But I will say that, he said something that was very interesting: that "Donald Trump took down the bust, the statue, of Dr Martin Luther King". It was right there. But there was a cameraman that was in front of it. So Zeke - Zeke - from Time magazine writes a story about how I took it down. But I would never do that, because I have great respect for Dr Martin Luther King. But this is how dishonest the media is: a big story. And the retraction was like -- was it a line? Or did they even bother putting it in?

So I only like to say that because I love honesty. I like honest reporting. I will tell you the final time: although I will say it, when you let in your thousands of other people that had been trying to come in, because I am coming back. We may have to get you a larger room. And maybe - maybe - it'll be built by somebody that knows how to build and we won't have columns. You understand that? We'd get rid of the columns. 

I just wanted to really say that I love you. I respect you. There's nobody that I respect more. You're going to do a fantastic job. And we're going to start winning again. And you're going to be leading the charge. So thank you all very much. Thank you, beautiful. Thank you all very much.
