 Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He doesn't know much

We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!

China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.

Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!

Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!

#ThankYouTour2016

Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!

Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?

Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016

If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?

The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!

Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!

Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!

Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama!

The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.

Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!

I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.

I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!

Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.

Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......

I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.

The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!

#ThankYouTour2016

The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.

Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?

Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!

Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!

Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!

I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!

Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!

I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!

A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.

Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!

As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!

I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!

.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State".

Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join me tomorrow! #MAGA

Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.

If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues

Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!

Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!

We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...

I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!

Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!

Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....

Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm!

Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!

#ThankYouTour2016

If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!

their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!

Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..

.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!

The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!

expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS

these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...

wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....

without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......

fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......

The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,

Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad

Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.

State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.

Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!

Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.

The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!

Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally.

Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.

My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!

Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!

Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!

Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!

do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..

great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....

I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...

ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.

Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier

I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!

'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'

'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'

My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!

Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!

I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!

The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!

.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.

Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!

If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.

Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!

states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!

It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--

In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally

Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad

this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --

of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --

during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --

and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -

Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --

Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change

The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!

The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems

Fidel Castro is dead!

I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!

Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!

I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!

The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!

'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'

'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'

Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.

The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?

Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!

I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice

Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!

Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!

I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!

General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!

I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?

Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior

The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!

Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!

The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!

I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.

Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!

Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico

My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA

Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.

I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,

The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.

I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.

Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!

The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!

If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily

The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!

I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!

The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!

Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!

Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!

Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!

The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?

Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"

This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!

Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!

Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!

Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!

A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!

Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before

Watching the returns at 9:45pm.

Still time to #VoteTrump!

Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!

Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"

I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!

TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now.

Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.

We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).

Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!

If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!

especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states

Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!

I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!

I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently

Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!

I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!

The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes

Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.

Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!

The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!

my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!

My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...

As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.

slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?

The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......

Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity."  So true!

.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  Dishonest!

The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!

.@FoxNews - "Objectified" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!

Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!

The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!

President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.

The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!

I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!

The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!

President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!

Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!

not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!

We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......

Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!

Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!

Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!

Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!

TO ALL AMERICANS-

Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!

I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.

Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....

@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!

North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!

China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!

General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!

The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.

People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"

........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS

With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it

Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.

There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.

I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.

The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!

Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!

Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......

Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow

things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.

Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......

like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...

massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!

Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"

The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..

...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!

...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....

The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....

to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!

Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.

How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!

So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?

The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......

The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!

Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......

and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE

Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!

being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary

Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....

Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.

I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.

Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!

Happy Birthday @EricTrump!

Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!

Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!

Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!

have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....

Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....

both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!

Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star

I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!

Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!

Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!

Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!

Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....

Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!

"groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!

Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......

It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...

Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!

Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365!

'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'

'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'

FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!

'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews

Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!

I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!

Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!

Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?

We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on

James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!

Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine

.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!

Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!

All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!

Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...

It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....

have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!

What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....

released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!

The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!

A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.

Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......

INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN

mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!

Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!

Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!

The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..

will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!

For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!

about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize

Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...

.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!

much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?

.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do...

Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!

At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!

The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.

People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!

country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."

With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....

"thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP

John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...

Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!

Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!

to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!

Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...

No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!

"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." @WSJ

.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!

Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!

"It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.

the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..

Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!

Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!

It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!

We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!

We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!

The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, its going to be #AmericaFirst

January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.

What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.

power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay

TO ALL AMERICANS

A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!

I am honered to serve you, the great American People, as your 45th President of the United States!

I am honored to serve you, the great American People, as your 45th President of the United States!

Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!

Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!

Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.

Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.

Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.

Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs &amp; national security. Top executives coming in at 9 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America. -DJT

TOGETHER we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and American FUTURES.

INAUGURAL ADDRESS

Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!

If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!

Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!

Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!

even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!

I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....

I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!

Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!

I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week. Thank you! -DJT

Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!

of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.

The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...

Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!

'President Trump Releases National School Choice Week Proclamation'

Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!

Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!

The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!

Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....

The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!

...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST

Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!

Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!

Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!

...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.

The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...

I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!

There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!

protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....

I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)

If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!

Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?

White House Press Briefing:

The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.

When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!

Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!

Join me live from the @WhiteHouse at 8:00pm tonight. #SCOTUS

Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.

Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.

President Trump's Nominee for the Supreme Court Neil M. Gorsuch.

Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.

President Donald J. Trump Nominates Judge Neil Gorsuch to the United States Supreme Court

Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!

Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!

Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!

If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?

Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!

Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!

Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion

Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!

'Trump taps first woman to CIA second in command'

Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!

Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!

Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!

Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!

Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.

We must keep "evil" out of our country!

Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!

When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!

The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!

Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!

After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?

Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision

Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?

Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!

The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!

I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!

Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!

I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!

Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!

What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!

I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!

Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.

Will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M.

The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!

The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!

The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!

I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!

Senate Dems protest to keep the failed status quo. Betsy DeVos is a reformer, and she is going to be a great Education Sec. for our kids!

It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in southeastern Louisiana affected by today's severe tornadoes.

If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!

I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......

My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!

Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!

'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban'

'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'

Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?

Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....

Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!

...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..

..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!

Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!

Join us live at the @WhiteHouse for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!

SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!

LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!

The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!

Join me for my weekly address!

Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!

...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!

I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....

Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!

Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!

Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!

I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!

A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!

Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!

The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!

72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp; YEMEN

While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!

After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L

I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!

Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!

Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!

The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?

Remarks by President Trump at Parent-Teacher Conference Listening Session

Remarks by President Trump at Swearing-In Ceremony for Treasury Secretary Mnuchin

Watch Dr. David Shulkin- new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary being sworn-in by @VP Pence:

'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'

Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans.

The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!

This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.

Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA

Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia

Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?

The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!

Join me live - for a listening session with the Retail Industry Leaders Association at the @WhiteHouse.

Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!

Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!

Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace

Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!

Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!

The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!

FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!

The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!

'President Trump: Putting Coal Country Back to Work'

Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!

Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!

Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.

General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.

Join me at 11:00am:

Just arrived in South Carolina!

The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!

"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest

Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!

Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.

Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!

Getting ready to leave for Melbourne, Florida. See you all soon!

My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.

Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!

HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!

Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.

The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!

One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!

Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!

'Trump on track to aggressively address immigration, crime'

Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!

Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!

find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW

The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......

Join me live at @CPAC! #CPAC2017

Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking

Thank you #CPAC2017!

FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!

Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!

Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!

The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.

I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!

Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!

I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!

For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!

The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!

Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!

Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!

Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.

Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.

GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!

#JointSession #MAGA

Join me live at 9:00 P.M.

#JointSession #MAGA

America must put its own citizens first, because only then can we truly Make America Great Again! #JointAddress #AmericanSpirit

A surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp. What we are witnessing today is the Renewal of the #AmericanSpirit

I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart. #JointAddress

We are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms. #JointAddress

In the last 8 years, the past Administration has put on more new debt than nearly all other Presidents combined. #JointAddress

It is not compassionate, but reckless, to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur. #JointAddress

As we speak, we are removing gang members, drug dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our citizens. #JointAddress

My Administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security. #JointAddress

We will stop the drugs from pouring into our country &amp; poisoning our youth, and we will expand treatment for those who have become addicted.

I have issued a new directive that American pipelines must be made with American steel. #JointAddress #AmericanSpirit

The time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across state lines! #JointAddress

We must ensure that Americans with pre-existing conditions have access to coverage. #JointAddress

Obamacare is collapsing  and we must act decisively to protect all Americans. Action is not a choice, it is a necessity. #JointAddress

I am calling on Congress to REPEAL &amp; REPLACE OBAMACARE with reforms that expand choice, increase access, lower costs &amp; provide better care.

The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding that will be guided by two core principles: Buy American, and Hire American!

I believe in free trade, but it also must be FAIR TRADE. I'm not going to let our great companies and workers be taken advantage of anymore!

My team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies &amp; provide massive tax relief for the middle class.

My budget will increase funding for our Veterans. Our Veterans have delivered for this nation. Now we MUST deliver for them. #JointAddress

We must provide the men and women of the U.S. Military with the tools they need to prevent war and  if they must  TO FIGHT AND TO WIN.

We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. #JointAddress #AmericanSpirit

EVERY American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, to attend a great school, and to have access to a high-paying job.

Education is the civil rights issue of our time. I am calling for an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth.

I am asking all citizens to embrace this Renewal of the #AmericanSpirit. #JointAddress

We are one people, with one destiny.

Think of the marvels we can achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people. #AmericanSpirit #JointAddress

We want harmony and stability, not war and conflict. We want peace, wherever peace can be found. #JointAddress #AmericanSpirit

Ryans legacy is etched into eternity. #AmericanSpirit

A new chapter of American Greatness is now beginning. #AmericanSpirit

Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!

...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....

Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....

...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"

...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...

Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends

It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.

Watch my Weekly Address:

The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......

Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.

Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!

I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!

Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!

How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!

Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show

Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends

Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?

Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!

45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!

Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.

'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'

There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwe're bringing back the JOBS!

House just introduced the bill to #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare. Time to end this nightmare.

Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!

Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.

Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!

122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!

For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends

Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. #ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!

122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!

Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends

I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!

Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!

Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!

I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!

I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!

On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.

I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.

I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.

LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015

#RepealAndReplace #Obamacare

Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!

Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!

Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!

Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!

Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA

Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA

We are taking steps to stabilize health insurance markets and start bringing down costs for MILLIONS of people affected by #Obamacare.

Three-Pronged Approach to REPEAL AND REPLACE #Obamacare!

#ICYMI- Weekly Address:

We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!

We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!

It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!

ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.

ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.

It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!

Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!

Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!

Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!

Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!

CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!

Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!

Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!

CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!

I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!

Congratulations @SenDanCoats!

Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!

My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!

My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!

Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!

Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!

North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!

North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!

Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!

"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"

...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!

Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....

It's time to put #AmericaFirst when it comes to how we spend taxpayers' money. We will keep our people safe!

...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!

Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes...

#ICYMI: Weekly Address

James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!

The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!

The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!

Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox

What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?

Big day for healthcare. Working hard!

Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.

Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!

A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.

Disastrous #Obamacare has led to higher costs &amp; fewer options. It will only continue to get worse! We must #RepealANDReplace. #PassTheBill

After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!

The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!

After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!

The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!

THANK YOU! More conservative groups are endorsing #AHCA. @ACUConservative, @TeaPartyExpress and dozens more! #PassTheBill #RepealANDReplace

Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.

ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!

ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!

Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!

General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.

I'll keep working with Congress, agencies, and the American people until we eliminate every unnecessary, job-killing regulation we can find!

Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....

The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!

...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!

The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!

Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!

Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!

The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest!

The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest!

A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY!

A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY!

Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?

Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!

If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!

If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media! -DJT

Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.

The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018!

Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?

If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.

...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.

The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...

If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.

Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; Dems, of historic proportion!

It is an exciting time for our country!

When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?

It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!

The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..

...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.

Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....

..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.

.@AP: "Trump's rollback of coal rules electrifies Wyoming workers"

Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!

Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.

The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.

Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for

Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.

Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!

Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?

.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBI

Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.

.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall

#BuyAmericanHireAmerican

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.

...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.

It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...

The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!

Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!

Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!

...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.

So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...

Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach

I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!

North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.

Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).

North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.

I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!

Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.

Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!

One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!

Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst

Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!

I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.

Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!

Happy Easter to everyone!

Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!

Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!

I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?

Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!

The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!

A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles.

"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. @foxandfriends

The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!

The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!

See you tomorrow Wisconsin!

TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%

With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety!

The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!

I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!

Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO

Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A.

AG Sessions is doing a fantastic job: announced today new steps to dismantle violent gangs like MS-13. I promised to get tough and we are!

Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!

#BuyAmericanHireAmerican

Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!

Despite major outside money, FAKE media support &amp; eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help! -DJT

Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.

Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544

Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544

Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.

Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!

No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!

China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will

WELCOME HOME, AYA!

'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens'

Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.

Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!

Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!

Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!

Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.

Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.

I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!

Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends

Very interesting election currently taking place in France.

ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.

Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.

The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.

...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.

New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....

